 Alright, as I record this video, Stylecraft is going to hand you two things, a 4.99% fixed interest
 rate, which is the lowest financing rate in Bell County, or up to $20,000 in flex cash.
 But not everybody likes Stylecraft. Today, we're going to get into the pros, the cons,
 the incentives, the neighborhoods, and everything else that Stylecraft has to offer. Alright,
 let's get into it. My name is Taylor Dasch with EG Realty. I do not work for Stylecraft.
 I always recommend getting an actual real estate agent to take you through these new construction
 homes so that way you have all of the information and you make the best decision for you. Alright,
 let's get into this video. Alright, so this one is probably the most common question that
 I get asked, is Stylecraft a good builder? So here's what I'll say, in this price range, they
 are one of the best builders. Now you can get a Stylecraft home anywhere from 220,000 and
 they are, they have a new neighborhood that goes all the way up to the high three to four
 hundred thousand point in the homestead. Their homes are solid. I've had a lot of clients
 who have purchased properties with Stylecraft and I always recommend that they get an inspection
 if they don't. I get the inspection for them and every single time the inspection has cost
 more than any findings on the inspection. And then on top of that, you're going to have
 a one year door to door warranty and there they have a whole separate team for the warranty
 and for like the, what is it? They have a whole separate team for like making sure you're
 taking care of after closing. So a lot of the times you move in, you may find something
 wrong, you call them up and they're going to take care of you. Now they have some complaints
 online, every builder does, you're not going to leave a review for like a new construction
 unless you're dissatisfied probably. So take that with a grain of salt, take my advice
 with a grain of salt, I always recommend getting the inspection anyway. But as far as if they
 are a good builder or not, I would say they are and they're one of the better builders
 in this price range.
 All right, so now the financing. So first, let me take a side note here. We're in the
 Homestead neighborhood. This is Stylecraft's newest neighborhood. They really answered
 a large demand here in the Temple Belton area. New construction, these homes are on a half
 an acre at least. They are built a little bit differently. Stylecraft always kind of, they
 build their homes with the kind of the theme of the neighborhood. Definitely something to
 check out. They're already selling, so if you want to get one, if you're looking for
 new construction and you want a little extra space, it's definitely something to look into
 or reach out to me, I'm going to get you set up with their latest incentives in this
 neighborhood and the available inventory. Alright, so, the financing. This is one thing
 that I think sets Stylecraft apart, just in general, is that they offer 4.99% fixed financing
 for 30 years. Or, if you want to use your own lender, you can get the $20,000 flex cash.
 Now these incentives change monthly, so in August, they're going to, August, 2026, they're
 going to have new incentives. But, and I've done deals almost every other month with Stylecraft
 and their incentives are based off of the supply and demand and they've been staying pretty
 steady recently. So, I would expect them to be right around there. Now, what does that
 mean for you? So, at a 4.99% interest rate on a $315,000 house you're looking at, about
 1,600 a month, whereas at the market interest rate, which is going to be all right here,
 you get your market interest rate, you're looking at a $300 savings per month. So, why
 is that important? Because number one over five years, that equates to about $20,000. And number
 two,
 it gives you leverage on your exit strategy on the property. You can resell the property,
 you can rent it out, you're going to have a lot more wiggle room with a lower monthly payment,
 which is great, especially on the neighborhood in South Point where the entry price is right
 around $220,000. You're going to be able to live comfortably in that, you're going to be able to
 stack up some money and kind of start building towards the next thing. Now,
 so you're saying Taylor, what's the catch here? The catch is that if you, to get this fixed
 interest rate,
 you have to go with Kangaroo Lending, which is like 49% owned by Stylecraft.
 so they are, they are kind of building their own company with that, they are.
 So you have to use their lender for these incentives. If you do not use a stylecraft lender from
 Kangaroo
 Lending, you have, you're going to forfeit your, the interest rate. Now for the flex cash, you can
 still use that. I don't like it whenever builders, they, they use their own in-house lending to
 lower
 the interest rate, but I, I definitely see the business side of it. So listen, what do you do
 with this information? Now you compare your lender, which I'm going to get you set up and just as a
 side note, three of the past five closings I've had with stylecraft. Now just as a side note,
 about 75% of my clients have used, about 75% of my clients that went with a stylecraft home
 have used my lender. So be sure to weigh the extra fees, weigh the interest rate, the payment,
 the savings overall, and then make your decision. And I'm going to help you out with all of that.
 I'm going to make sure you have all of the information before even writing the contract.
 All right, one more thing till we get to the next. One more thing, and then we're going to get to
 the next section of this video.
 Whenever I did my research on this video, there is another builder offering very low incentives.
 There's another builder offering.
 There's another builder who price matched Stylecraft's incentive rate where we can compare them. I'm
 going to
 get you set up with the best new construction for you. But first let's get, but first let's get
 onto
 what you're actually buying whenever you buy a Stylecraft home. All right first let's get into
 Stylecraft's. So they were founded in 1988 out of college stations and from what I have access to,
 they had 973 closings last year and they're a top 75 builder in all of the United States.
 As far as the quality of the homes themselves, so they are engineered slab which is a big one in
 Texas.
 You have James Hardie siding, you get granite countertops and then smart home systems that come
 as the standard package. Now here's the part that I'm not going to leave out. Listen I have closed
 quite a few stylecraft homes. We've done inspections on all of them and I've never had
 one single large issue. It's always been something cosmetic. Now there are a few reports that show
 plumbing issues or drainage issues. That is something that you have to get checked out. That's why
 I
 always say get an inspection. I'll pay for the inspection. Just make sure you get it done because
 you don't want something like that to bite you in the future. Now with that, the other reason for
 the inspection is that you have proof showing that this house was good. So whenever you have to
 get a warranty on something, you can say, "Look, here's the inspection. This is how everything was
 and now where it's at." For their warranties, you have one-year door-to-door. So what I tell people
 is, if something's really bothering you, give him a call to the warranty guy. You're going to
 have his number. He's going to get you set up. The one complaint I have had from one of my clients
 is that they do sometimes take a while to get back to you. They're always right back with me,
 and I told them, "Now you get with my client and you got right with my client." So props
 them for that. At the very end of the one-year door-to-door, give them a call, write down every
 single
 little tiny picky thing that you can think of, and have them come fix it. It's free. It's under
 warranty.
 If you don't get it during the first year, you're not going to get it. So they have a two-year
 warranty
 on the system, so the plumbing, the HVAC, the electrical, and then a 10-year structural warranty.
 That comes pretty standard with new builders here. One other thing I will say about the quality
 is that every single one of these properties has to get approved by the city. They have to pull
 permits. It's all documented that the work was done correctly. If you've had to deal with any
 permits, I will tell you, it is not an easy process. They don't just say, "Oh, this looks okay. You're
 good." No, they come in and they inspect it, and they want to ding you on things so that they can
 come out and re-inspect it. And then for the inspection, another reason to get the inspection
 is that if for some reason you decide to sell in, you know, three, five, seven, ten years,
 that inspection is probably still going to be pretty accurate, which is useful for me as a
 realtor. I can upload the inspection that way you overcome a lot of buyer objections just by
 having the inspection out. All right, so I see a lot of people make this mistake, especially with
 new construction. The price that you see on Zillow, the price you see on realtor is not the actual
 price as far as the monthly payment goes. That price is likely based off of the county assessment
 whenever there was no house on the property. So you have to keep that in mind. And then what
 they are advertising is going to be principal and interest payment. They're not factoring taxes
 and insurance. Which, by the way, with any new construction, your insurance payment is going to be
 lower. So in, there's a few offering like $69 per month if you go with their in house insurance,
 but you're going to actually be cutting costs on that. And if you buy new construction because
 you buy a resell home, especially an older one, the insurance is going to go up. So like I always
 say, always check the percentage taxes, the NUD, the PID. And then factor what that is monthly
 based
 off of the price that they are listed at. So a few cons here is that Stylecraft, they do pretty
 much
 like a gold date in their contracts. So how the process works is you get under contract,
 we're going to do the negotiating. I'm going to get you the best deal possible. And then
 they're going to set a time for an initial walkthrough. The initial walkthrough one to two weeks
 before
 closing. Now that is whenever you're going to go in, you've already got the third party inspection.
 There already should be taking care of those things. You're going to go in and you're going
 to put your blue tape on every little defect that you see. And then the next week you're going to
 go in and say, Hey, this looks good or this doesn't look good. And then they're going to make sure
 they get every single item fixed and then you'll close. One thing I will say for Stylecraft, I don't
 know what I don't know what the deal is. Every single appraisal that I've done with them has come
 back
 quite a bit higher, like 10 to $15,000 higher than what we have in our contract for. And that's
 not including the rate buy downs. The additions and the flex cash that you're going to be using in
 the transaction. Alright, so who is Stylecraft for and who is Stylecraft not for? So I think
 Stylecraft is an amazing builder for someone who values that lower monthly payment, who's okay with
 being an entry price point in a neighborhood that may be a little bit further out from Central
 Temple, Belton, etc. If you're okay with, I don't even want to say lower quality finishes because
 one thing I love about Stylecraft is the price is lower, but they're still giving you a nice
 finishes in my opinion. Now, you're not going to be like, hella level finishes, Carothers,
 or something, obviously, but for the price point, I think that's why I ranked them highly because
 you're getting decent finishes. You should not go with Stylecraft if you want to make
 customizations. They're not going to change anything. Typically, they've already ordered
 everything for the property. Maybe if you get in super early on, but I have not had success
 with getting them to change something.
 And then if you have a low tolerance for having to wait for these people to get to you after
 closing, I only say that because I don't want to risk you guys going with a Stylecraft home.
 And then they don't get back with you just like what happened to my client until I say
 something or your realtor says something.
 So keep that in mind, that's just my personal experience.
 And then if you want to be in a certain section of Temple, they are, I feel like they find
 these opportunities and that to feel a vacancy on the market and then they take them, which
 that's another reason I really like them, but they're not in all of the most popular
 neighborhoods in the Temple, Belton area.
 (crickets chirping)
 (crickets chirping)
 Now, with that being said, they are in 12 communities.
 They just pushed into Troy, four different school districts.
 And then pricing from 220 all the way up to the low 400s in this neighborhood homestead.
 With the pricing from like the 220,000 pointe in South Pointe to all the way up to the low 400,000s
 right where we're at now in the homestead.
 All right, so Taylors, all right. All right, so my take on Stylecraft, we're going to give them 3.9,
 that is based off of the Temple, Belton area builders, that's based off of the price.
 That's the quality, the customer service, the smoothness of the transaction, how they care
 for you after closing, and then my general experience with them so far. So take that with
 the grain of salt. I do work with them quite often.
 but the most important thing like I always say is do not go into a stylecraft model home by
 yourself. You want to have somebody there who is objectively, who is viewing your situation,
 who is a professional and who is working for what is best for you. What brings you leverage
 is going to be the inventory, the options that you have available. If you go into a model
 home, you speak with a builder, they can already probably tell in your eyes that you like it.
 You haven't seen all the other builders. You probably think you're going to get a good
 deal, but then whenever you buy the property and then you're down the line, you realize
 you're in really big trouble with the equity in this thing or whatever the case is. It's
 always best because they're not going to say, "Yeah, this one's overpriced." But I will
 tell you that. I will make sure that you are getting the best deal for you. That is the
 full Stylecraft Breakdown. There is a super detailed page on my website, templetexashomes.net/stylecraft.
 It's going to be right down below. If you are buying new construction in Temple, if
 you're relocating to Temple, please reach out to me. I'm working with people just like
 you every single day. I would love to have a private conversation. I love to have a private
 conversation with you and see if we will be a good fit working together. I hope you
 all enjoy this video. Let's get it. Look, I'm going to try. This may not go in the video
 because it's a comparison. I was told to not do any more comparisons. We'll see. I don't
 know. So, how does Stylecraft compare? So, I think Stylecraft, in my opinion, is going
 to be a step up, kind of above the D.R. Horton and the Lennar new construction, but then kind
 of a step down right below Omega. And they're pricing reflects that. And they're pricing
 actually reflects that and then some. They're actually going to give you a better deal.
 I think based off of just value alone, they're a very good builder, a very good option here
 in Temple. The one thing is you don't, you're not going to, it's not common to see like
 quartz countertops, whereas, you know, Omega or Kiella, they'll throw some quartz countertops
 in from time to time. The flooring, I personally really like Stylecraft's flooring, but you
 know, objectively, I mean, Carothers and Kiella, they have nicer finishes. Their homes are
 also quite a bit cheaper. So, I think value definitely is there in a Stylecraft home.
 The super premium finishes, they're not going to be like you would be in like Carothers
 or Kiella. And then, customer service, I think, I like them a lot of the times, like
 Lennar, especially the transactions are not smooth, they're not coordinated well. There's
 just a lot of things that I can see on my end that also spills over into the customer service
 on your end. I know if you go with a Stylecraft home, worst case scenario, I'm going to reach
 out to them and say, "Hey, they bought a house with you guys, get them set up and they're
 going to get you set up." Alright, so now for the review.
 One last little quick bit on Stylecraft. For me, it means a lot because I put a high value
 in putting the client first. Their customer service has been great. I've asked them to
 come do a video on a day that they're off and they will send somebody up there. I've
 never not been able to see a Stylecraft home. They respond fast. Their transactions are very
 well laid out. They typically will have a builder rep and every single model. The builder
 reps know what they're talking about with these Stylecraft homes. So I personally like
 that. I think that's a huge sign that they are training people right, that they're doing
 right and they're not, that they're training people right and that they're training people
 right and that they have a system that they know. If they put the client, the
 customer first, it's going to pay, it's going to pay them back in the long run
 which is a, which is something that I think is 100% true.
 All right.
 [ Silence ]
 [ Silence ]
 [ Silence ]
